iʔareʔe	iʔareʔe
karugapopewe	karugapopewe
kukupope	kuku pope
omõderehe	omõderehe
baʔepopedʒi	baʔepopedʒi
imaniaɨ	imaniaɨ
tɨkadɨr	tɨkadɨr
irupi	i rupi
poromokonamãʔẽate	poromokonamãʔẽate
eraho	eraho
wɨrakarakotɨ	wɨrakara kotɨ
aʔete	aʔete
ewurana	ewurana
zarenũwã	zarenũwã
odʒapɨakamãʔẽ	odʒapɨakamãʔẽ
orekʷar	orekʷar
aiɲuŋ	aiɲuŋ
kupanam	kupanam
opaʔawo	opaʔawo
dawarimãʔẽ	dawarimãʔẽ
sẽswawanakom	sẽswa wan akom
raikʷara	raikʷara
renékotɨ	renékotɨ
ereɲ	ereɲ
dabaʔepatari	dabaʔepatari
pepazenam	pe paze nam
nõdezarakotɨ	nõdezarakotɨ
debaʔewaraso	debaʔewaraso
tukukimaʔẽ	tukuki maʔẽ
tab	tab
opoanba	opoanba
oapɨgeʔeo	oapɨgeʔeo
kasuru	kasuru
itawa	itawa
ozaramoŋ	ozar amoŋ
zeʔoram	ze ʔoram
akaʔa	akaʔa
pekuar	pekuar
ererekʷar	ererekʷar
aʔekom	aʔekom
aŋ	a ŋ
okoar	okoar
nõderapɨdʒam	nõderapɨdʒam
oeta	o eta
erezor	erezor
okurukagarupi	okurukagarupi
ononan	ononan
ekʷa	ekʷa
apamanẽ	apama nẽ
ozebaradʒo	ozebaradʒo
sidʒu	si dʒu
zeporikatu	zeporikatu
rapɨdʒate	rapɨdʒate
dosuʔutari	dosuʔutari
nõderaɨhɨpadʒira	nõderaɨhɨpadʒira
aŋeʔe	aŋeʔe
pureruraʔɨr	pureruraʔɨr
oeraokompa	o eraokompa
ikemɨn	ikemɨn
ezeburupa	ezeburupa
zomãʔẽnanhar	zo mãʔẽnanhar
mananeto	mananeto
watekotɨ	watekotɨ
izeburupanũwã	i zeburupa nũwã
datɨpɨdʒi	da tɨpɨ dʒi
zawar	zawar
dosuʔutarinam	dosuʔutari nam
kʷi	kʷi
esisiganũwã	esisiganũwã
onaŋ	o naŋ
tupa	tupa
bodʒuhukom	bodʒuhukom
ʔɨb	ʔɨb
doʔudʒi	doʔudʒi
onan	onan
ozarareiba	ozarareiba
waita	waita
erapararaha	erapararaha
pirakomarehe	pirakomarehe
ibaʔeraɨo	ibaʔeraɨo
camopipori	camopipori
urukureʔa	urukureʔa
watekotɨwarakom	watekotɨwarakom
iwɨrakotɨ	iwɨrakotɨ
sidʒaorehe	sidʒao rehe
jawara	jawara
ʔar	ʔar
eibaŋ	eibaŋ
ɨar	ɨar
pewɨkəko	pe wɨkə ko
diakaŋi	diakaŋi
adʒutar	adʒutar
epaila	epaila
zapu	zapu
ʔɨpope	ʔɨ pope
edʒɨwe	edʒɨ we
itukug	itukug
emẽbɨriɲ	e mẽbɨriɲ
ãhãso	ãhãso
ozemokasinẽ	ozemokasinẽ
didʒamãʔẽaɨdʒi	didʒamãʔẽaɨdʒi
kõʔemirehe	kõʔemirehe
oiba	oiba
pir	pir
matɨsipo	matɨsipo
turehewe	turehewe
edeãhã	edeãhã
okuwapɨlɨ	okuwapɨlɨ
pamẽitʃe	pamẽ itʃe
poromõmaʔam	poromõmaʔam
nameʔeŋtari	nameʔeŋtari
masakaraenam	ma sa kara enam
operoperog	operoperog
apɨdʒakotɨ	apɨdʒakotɨ
eawutar	eawutar
oronekarakuriõwãnam	oronekarakuriõwãnam
oapɨgo	oapɨgo
baʔewi	baʔe wi
anamiaha	anami aha
apoʔã	apoʔã
kobnẽ	kob nẽ
okadʒ	oka dʒ
lekolazarakom	lekolazar akom
idʒarɨdʒanam	idʒar ɨdʒa nam
wɨtʃɨnẽ	wɨtʃɨ nẽ
nanenũwã	nanenũwã
sidʒaonẽ	sidʒaonẽ
nõdepedʒu	nõde pedʒu
oesiruwanẽ	oesiruwanẽ
opokadʒaitʃe	opokadʒaitʃe
sibaʔetar	sibaʔetar
sĩkãĩ	sĩkãĩ
taike	taike
demebɨri	demebɨri
uruwi	uru wi
kawi	kawi
sizopodʒ	sizopodʒ
ozopodʒo	ozopodʒo
iawu	iawu
nõderɨruũwã	nõderɨruũwã
oerokʷa	o erokʷa
okarabɨteb	okarabɨteb
kob	kob
omeʔeŋgatu	omeʔeŋgatu
omõgerokar	omõg er okar
daepɨdʒiaʔu	daepɨ dʒiaʔu
mamenasinã	mamena sinã
amãʔẽ	amãʔẽ
awurtar	awurtar
pedehe	pedehe
nan	nan
zawarenam	zawarenam
owawag	owawag
pezezika	pezezika
taraɲe	taraɲe
apamaʔesiparate	apamaʔesiparate
nanimãʔẽra	nanimãʔẽra
tapiʔirarehe	tapiʔirarehe
ekerakoɲ	ekerakoɲ
owag	owag
piɲaŋi	piɲaŋi
kunumi	kunumi
aʔɨta	a ʔɨ ta
mame	mame
rehe	rehe
naonan	naonan
tekeʔɨrãhã	tekeʔɨr ãhã
owatamaʔẽ	owatamaʔẽ
pedʒapɨakaõwã	pedʒapɨakaõwã
idʒakaŋaʔar	idʒakaŋaʔar
oeroker	oeroker
osiŋgar	osiŋgar
otuitaro	otuitaro
takuru	takuru
erapɨdʒtar	erapɨdʒtar
kʷienam	kʷi enam
opukudʒ	opukudʒ
oronekomuwe	oronekomuwe
deroʔoram	deroʔoram
wãĩwĩam	wãĩwĩam
tekoate	tekoate
kede	kede
idʒepaila	idʒe paila
masogotɨ	masogotɨ
okusug	okusug
nõdurtari	nõdurtari
mama	mama
ãhã	ãhã
zawa	zawa
zaikonam	zaiko nam
okaʔar	okaʔar
ikɨʔa	ikɨʔa
aʔekomãhã	aʔekom ãhã
manãkuwapa	manãkuwapa
maŋ	maŋ
amumuɲ	amumuɲ
oʔa	o ʔa
tapɨdʒarowər	tapɨdʒarowər
esuʔu	e suʔu
omẽbɨr	omẽbɨr
karaɨ	karaɨ
oʔurtar	oʔurtar
tomãʔẽ	tomãʔẽ
anũpãtar	anũpãtar
oeroʔar	oero ʔar
sidʒewɨranam	sidʒewɨra nam
zawaram	zawar am
baipurirɨepopenẽ	baipuri rɨe pope nẽ
zarate	zarate
wɨɲate	wɨɲate
awakʷərarehe	awakʷəra rehe
dokusugi	dokusug i
sisigakomarehe	sisiga komarehe
tapoʔo	tapoʔo
tekokomarehe	tekokomarehe
okʷa	o kʷa
teko	teko
ʔarape	ʔarape
ibaʔewar	ibaʔewar
arasuka	arasuka
zawapinimaʔar	zawa pinimaʔar
okɨr	okɨr
eru	eru
arakapusauhu	arakapusa uhu
idʒe	idʒe
sautu	saut u
tapɨdʒakʷər	tapɨdʒa kʷər
owɨr	owɨr
zoɨpɨ	zoɨpɨ
sinan	sinan
oboʔi	oboʔi
eibawe	eiba we
imõbo	imõbo
pitaŋkomape	pitaŋkomape
tukukaɨ	tukuk aɨ
kɨwo	kɨwo
ereikɨdʒanũwã	ereikɨdʒa nũwã
nõdekuruo	nõdekuruo
ibaridʒate	ibaridʒate
izazape	izazape
ozikakom	ozikakom
otuiʔe	otui ʔe
depeidudʒi	depeidudʒi
tekoam	tekoam
ɨwɨrupi	ɨwɨrupi
imani	imani
karaikom	karaikom
napiararehe	napiararehe